---
ID: 811
post_title: >
  Peterson, Nickell Heading First
  All-Valley Golf Group
author: admin
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://golf4cheap.com/2017/10/31/peterson-nickell-heading-first-all-valley-golf-group/
published: true
post_date: 2017-10-31 14:49:00
---
<div><div><p>Howie Peterson finished his high school career with a senior campaign loaded with milestones.Not only did he connect the<p>record for the most affordable score at the Class A OVAC Championship with a card of 65, he also declared the Class A State Championship with a mark of 141, ending up being a four-time member of the all-state group.</p><p><span>"I am proud of him,"</span> Madonna coach T.J. Brancazio stated. "It's like having a kid and I take pride in the achievements that he had.</p><p>"He is encouraging to others and he is always helping the other gamers. He is our leader.</p><p><span>"He is among the best golfers to come through Madonna, if not the very best, and he has actually been fun to see."</span></p><p>Peterson also led Madonna to its ninth successive OVAC title as a group.</p><p><span>"I had the ability to accomplish a great deal of the goals that I wished to and it was a great four years,"</span> Peterson said. <span>"I developed a lot of relationships with a great deal of people. I built great friendships and I take pleasure in golf since of all the individuals you fulfill and the places that it takes you."</span></p><p>Peterson likewise gathered 3 individual OVAC titles in his time at Madonna, forever leaving his mark on the program.Jacob Nickell has actually exhibited what it implies to be constant throughout his 4 years at Wheeling Park. He managed to make all-state honors all four years, ending up being just the 2nd golf player from Wheeling Park to accomplish that goal.Nickell accounted for scores of 78 on both days of the state tournament this year to complete with a combined mark of 156. He also gathered an OVAC Class 5A title in his final effort by shooting a 67.</p><p>"I have had a lot of fun with a lot of truly excellent people,"Nickell stated.</p><p><span>"I am sad that it is over however it was a fantastic flight.</span> "Golf has actually ended up being everything for me. I used to play baseball and basketball however I dropped everything for golf. I play throughout the year and spend throughout the day at the golf course." My father utilized to take me out with him on the golf course and he<p><span>actually got me into it. "Nickell was likewise the runner-up at the Class AAA regional tournament on his<p>way to his state tournament run. He kipped down a score of 74, just one shot off the lead." It's what he has actually worked for throughout the last 4 years, "Park coach Don Headley said.</p><p><span>"He got to have fun with a lot of excellent kids and he gained from them. He has actually excelled and used that practice <span>and ability and it translated into his high school career. "Before the start of his senior season, Nickell was victorious at the Kalkreuth Amateur Golf Classic as he shot</p><p>a 130 (12 under par)to likewise amass the John Wilson Memorial Trophy for winning the Junior Flight.In a year where two golf enthusiasts were named to the all-state group for a fourth time, Ryan Bilby made</p><p>his first look on the team in his freshman year. The accomplishment sets him up for the opportunity to achieve the very same turning point." Ryan had an actually fantastic very first year, "Brooke coach Ron Ujcich Jr. said." He played versus some actually great competition and remained right with the very best of them. He won some huge occasions, finishing off the season by making all-state and <span>I am proud of the method he performed this year."Bilby completed the state tournament with a score of 158 to catch the award. He also made runner-up honors in the OVAC Class 5A match with a score of 70 and was crowned the local</p><p>champion at Moundsville Country Club after turning in a card of 73. "It has actually been a fantastic year,"Bilby stated." Particularly as a freshman. We went to states and I got on the all-state group and our group did quite well. It was a terrific freshman year.<span>"We won a lot of after school matches, we won a couple of invitationals and simply played great golf this year." I believe that I began playing my best golf around OVACs. It seems like you cannot do anything incorrect which is the very best feeling ever."Bilby will be working in the offseason to improve his video game with hopes of landing himself on the all-state team again.The future of golf in the Ohio Valley is extremely bright and Trey Blain is a big factor why.He was at the top of his video game at the state competition, carding a 173 to earn all-state accolades." I worked because March for that moment and it was rather an excellent sensation there towards completion of the season to achieve something that I worked for all year, "Blain stated</p><p>." The state tournament was crazy. I fidgeted and everybody just informed me not to obtain uptight.</p><p><span>It was a great experience, however. "This offseason I am going to keep working at it. The beginning of the summer season wasn't my finest but right prior to the high school season started, everything started to click. I played pretty well all throughout the high school season and I was pretty happy with it.</p><p><span>"He has likewise been a big aid for Coach Dave Tallman. "He is like an assistant coach for me,"Tallman stated." I had my hip replaced and he gets the info to the group for me if I'm having trouble. That is why he is our captain. "He was at least a runner-up in all of our dual meets and he enjoys the video game of</span></p><p>golf. He spends his Sundays enjoying the PGA Trip.</p><p><span>"He strikes the ball long and has an excellent technique shot. "I am excited to have him back for two more years. He would actually like to play college golf and any coach would delight in being around him.</p><p>"He also selected up a third-place finish in the OVAC Class A Competition, after accumulating a rating of 74.</p><p>"Next year, I want to win the OVAC Tournament and the OVGL,</p><p><span>"Blain stated."I would also want to come back to Jones and make a run at the title." Senior Citizen, Harrison Central Clint Heavilin has actually made a fantastic effect on the Harrison Central golf team.In his senior project, he amassed a 76 in the sectional at River Greens, leading the Huskies to the district tournament." Clint has been with us for 6 years now, through junior high school and <span>high school,"Huskies coach Todd Dunlap said. "He has actually played in every match of his whole</p><p>career. He has put many hours of time into succeeding and it was terrific to see him reap the rewards of all that difficult work." Clint was absolutely the leader of our group's success this season. He is the ideal student professional athlete and enjoys doing all<p><span>the little things right. He likewise has the ideal demeanor for an effective golf enthusiast</span>. He is calm and unwinded. He will certainly be missed next season." Heavilin made an area on the 4A All-OVAC team this year with a rating of 83 in the OVAC Competition. "It was a good season and a terrific career,<p><span>"Heavilin said."We set some objectives and reached them and it was simply actually special. "The Huskies'leader delivered a school record 130 pars, while leading the team with a 40.38 nine-hole average and 15 birdies this year.He led Harrison Central to a 24-3 dual record and its first Buckeye 8 title considering that 2007. The senior likewise earned very first group Buckeye 8 honors in his last two years and was on the Williams Invitational<p><span>first team.Freshman, Wheeling Central J.C. Maxwell burst onto the scene at Wheeling Central in his freshman year. He made his presence felt at the OVAC 3A Tournament as he claimed</span></p><p>runner-up honors after carding a 75, helping the Maroon Knights win their 3rd consecutive OVAC title.Maxwell reached his peak when it mattered most as he delivered a</p><p>173 in the two-day state tournament, to make all-state honors." He is young but he has a great ethic and he likes the game a lot, "Wheeling Central coach Jim Mortakis said."He is just a freshman and has a great opportunity.</p><p>He strikes the ball well and pays</p><p>attention. He is simply an excellent kid."I have actually seen a lot of enhancement in him. When we started the year, I understood he was going to be a good player for us. He has gotten more consistent with his brief clubs and strikes the greens more frequently<p>now."A Central roster filled with veteran leaders have actually also made a fantastic effect on the freshman."My colleagues have provided me plenty of experience,"Maxwell stated."They were all juniors this year and they understood what it was like as a freshman. It will be fun with all of them coming back next year." It was an up and down season however towards the end of the year, I began to play quite well.</p><p><span>I believed I surprised some individuals because I'm simply a freshman however I guess I am playing pretty well. Making the all-state team for four years is definitely something I wish to do."Brendan Vucelich has actually reached</span></p><p>the district tournament in 2 of his 3 years of high school. He achieved the accomplishment this year by kipping down an 81 at the sectional tournament at River Greens. The</span> junior followed up that efficiency by tape-recording an 82 at the Division II district tournament.Although, he did not make the cut for the state tournament, St. Clairsville coach Michael McDonald has high hopes for Vucelich's senior campaign."Last year he made it to districts and this year he made it back,"McDonald stated. "Each year he has enhanced and he completed fifth overall this year. His huge goal is to try to make it to states next year. Every tournament we played this year, he remained in the top</p><p>five."Vucelich led the Red Devils to a fifth place spot in the 4A OVAC competition with a score of 86. He also gathered runner-up honors at the Buckeye 8 Competition after shooting an excellent 159. Vucelich brings a nine-hole scoring average of 39.6."He keeps his composure,"McDonald stated.<p>"If he misses a shot, he gets it back on the next hole. He has terrific shot-making ability. He has been our No. 1 all year, so he has actually played against the very best skill in the area. He is a well-rounded player."</span> Vucelich discovered <span>himself on the All-Eastern District team. He has been the Buckeye 8 runner-up in his last two years and was runner-up in the OVGL. "Last year we won the Buckeye 8 as a group which was the big emphasize of my career, up until now,"Vucelich said."This year was up and down. I didn't play as well as I would have liked to begin the summer season but I bounced back all. I was more consistent this year than in 2015 which truly made me pleased. I likewise putted much better this year." Vucelich's teammate,<p><span>Jacob Jeffries also offered a strong season and made a positive effect on Vucelich's performance." Jeffries has been my finest pal since freshman year,"Vucelich stated."We have a good time. I want to beat him and he wishes to beat me and we go back-and-forth. We constantly</p><p>having fun playing." Davey Wells has all of the characteristics to make an excellent leader. All those qualities came through in his four years at Barnesville.He led the Shamrocks to</p><p><span>a perfect regular season record of 30-0 and a fourth-place finish at the district tournament by carding an 86.</p><p><span>Wells is a two-time district qualifier. "Without Davey Wells, a 30-0 season does not occur,"Barnesville coach Jerry Robinson stated."He is the hardest employee that I have actually ever coached. He is a student of the video game and actually examines his shots.</span></p><p>He is a natural athlete however a remarkable employee. "He has been a terrific leader for me. He has a distinct ability to make his colleagues much better and he appreciates others more than himself." On his way to the district competition, Wells turned in a score of 81 at the Department III sectionals, leading Barnesville to a fourth-place finish.Wells taped a total average of 40.6, tallied a season-low rating of<p>73 at the Waterford Tournament and was called to the OVGL first-team. "This season was the best experience of my life," Wells said. "I met a great deal of new</p><p>buddies and we were a young group. When I started playing at 14, I saw the capacity for development at Barnesville for golf. We had a blast and an amazing quantity of success since we practiced together and we enjoyed it. Golf was the most passionate thing in our lives</span> aside from school and when you have something like that, you get special teams that do unique things. "I've spoken to the more youthful people, who are intending to take my function as the leader which is exactly what I want. I want to see the program keep<span>opting for a very long time. "I wish to thank Ron Baker and Butch Brunner for all they have actually done to assist me in my career."COMMENTS Leading Sports Strong Slate Benefits Wheeling Park Boys Jets Ground Video Game Takes Flight</span> Meredith Family Has A History With Soccer Astros One Win Away From Championship Florida Parts With Coach McElwain Busch Earns Area in Title Race Image by Cody Tomer 8 local gamers represent the first The Intelligencer/Wheeling News-Register All-Valley Golf Group.<section><h1>Shown, front row, from left<section><a href="http://www.theintelligencer.net/sports/top-sports/"><h1>, is Wheeling Central<section><article><a href="http://www.theintelligencer.net/sports/top-sports/2017/10/strong-slate-benefits-wheeling-park-boys/"><h1>'s J.C. Maxwell, Magnolia's Trey Blain, Brooke's Ryan Bilby and Barnesville's Davey Wells. Back row is Madonna's Howie Peterson, Wheeling Park's Jacob Nickell, St. Clairsville's Brendan Vucelich and Harrison Central's Clint Heavilin.This season</article><article><a href="http://www.theintelligencer.net/sports/top-sports/2017/10/meredith-family-has-a-history-with-soccer/"><h1>featured a few of the very best young golf enthusiasts to come around in the Ohio Valley in a long time. Thanks to the lovely golf courses in the area, a growing number of young gamers are honing their craft at a young age and setting the phase for future generations. For the first time, The Intelligencer and Wheeling News-Register has actually assembled the All-Valley Golf Team, a squad led by two all-staters that have actually exemplified quality from their first swing at</article><article><a href="http://www.theintelligencer.net/sports/top-sports/2017/10/busch-earns-spot-in-title-race/"><h1>the high school level.