---
ID: 808
post_title: >
  Tiger Woods pleads guilty, enters DUI
  program
author: Robot Ninja
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://golf4cheap.com/2017/10/30/tiger-woods-pleads-guilty-enters-dui-program/
published: true
post_date: 2017-10-30 21:56:47
---
<div><div><p><strong>by: </strong><strong>Jane Musgrave and Daphne Duret, Palm Beach Post</strong> Updated: <time datetime="2017-10-27">Oct 27, 2017 - 2:04 PM</time></p><p></p><section><div data-bind="visible: loading()!=true"><div><p></p></div></div></section><p></p><p><b><strong>PALM BEACH COUNTY, Fla.</strong> - ﻿Update: 1:37 p.m.:</b> Tiger Woods pleaded guilty Friday afternoon to reckless driving in connection with a May arrest on a charge of driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol in Jupiter, Florida.</p><blockquote data-lang="en"><p dir="ltr" lang="en"><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/TigerWoods?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#TigerWoods</a> hearing: DUI dropped. He is pleading guilty to reckless driving. Placed on probation for 12 mos. $250 fine.</p>— PB Post Courts (@pbpcourts) <a href="https://twitter.com/pbpcourts/status/923965007364329472?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">October 27, 2017</a></blockquote><p><b>﻿Original report:&nbsp;</b>Golf legend Tiger Woods <a href="http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/tiger-woods-dui-charge-shows-court-for-hearing/vq4igoD25kenf9rApx0X4K/%C2%A0" target="_blank">arrived early</a> at the North County Courthouse on Friday where he is expected to plead guilty to a charge of reckless driving to escape a more serious&nbsp;<a href="http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/latest-memorial-day-arrest-latest-blemish-tiger-woods-storied-life/dzfgoQEhvFkNxXlMXFPl3M/">charge of DUI in connection with his arrest in May</a> when Jupiter police found him asleep at the wheel of his damaged Mercedes.</p><p>The 41-year-old Jupiter Island resident emerged from a black Chevy Tahoe wearing a charcoal jacket as he entered the courthouse with his attorney Doug Duncan.&nbsp;<a href="http://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/21158969/athletes-celebrities-attending-world-series-game-2-dodger-stadium-los-angeles">Photographed on Wednesday watching his beloved Dodgers&nbsp;</a>get handed a defeat by the Houston Astros in Game 2 of the World Series in Los Angeles, there was speculation Woods might not attend the hearing before County Judge Sandra Bosso-Pardo, opting to let Duncan speak on his behalf.</p><p>As part of the DUI diversion requirements, Woods will have to agree to participate in various programs and abstain from illicit drugs and alcohol during a 12-month probationary period. If he performs successfully, next year the drunk driving charge would disappear. Further, a judge would withhold adjudication of the misdemeanor reckless driving charge, allowing him to get the record sealed.</p><p>He apparently has embraced a key part of the treatment program — one that requires participants to get help for substance abuse.</p><p>In posts on his Twitter account weeks after his arrest, Woods said he was “currently receiving professional help to manage my medications and the ways that I deal with back pain and a sleep disorder.”</p><p>Weeks later, on July 3, he tweeted: “I recently completed an out of state private intensive program. I will continue to tackle this going forward with my doctors, family and friends.”</p><p>Toxicology reports, obtained by ESPN, showed he had narcotic painkillers Vicodin and Dilaudid, along with the anti-anxiety drug, Xanax, and the sleeping aid, Ambien, in his system at the time of his arrest. It also showed his blood contained THC, typically linked to marijuana use.</p><p>Over the years, Woods has held charity golf tournaments that have raised millions to create educational opportunities for youth throughout the world. This month, for instance, he hosted an exclusive three-day golf tournament in Pebble Beach, Calif., to raise money for the Tiger Woods Foundation.</p><p>Whether his ongoing work with his top-rated foundation will help him satisfy community service requirements of the diversion program will be up to Pardo and the agreement Duncan forged with state prosecutors.</p><p>Other requirements of the program include attending a DUI school and meeting with families who have lost loved ones to drunk driving.</p><p>Since his arrest, the golfing world has rallied around Woods, who snared unfavorable headlines in 2009 when he got in a single-car wreck in Windermere, a luxury town between Orlando and Walt Disney World.</p><p>He was hospitalized with a sore neck and cut lip and was charged with careless driving after he drove over a fire hydrant and into a tree. But the real injury was to his reputation when a string of women emerged, claiming they had affairs with the married golfer. He underwent treatment for sex addiction and divorced Elin Nordegren, the mother of his two children, after nearly seven years of marriage.</p><p>The crash also derailed his legendary golf career. With 14 major PGA titles, second only to icon Jack Nicklaus, Woods hasn’t won a major since 2008. His last tournament win came in 2013.</p><p>Still, his recent Twitter posts indicate he is planning a comeback thanks to what he called successful back fusion surgery in April to end years-long debilitating spasms and leg pain.</p><p>Last week, he posted a video of himself practicing, labeling the long, low drive “the return of the stinger.” His agent recently told ESPN surgeons had cleared Woods to return to the links.</p><p>Fellow golfing greats said they are hoping Woods can put the episode behind him.</p><p>“Tiger’s a friend,” said Nicklaus, who lives in Palm Beach Gardens, shortly after Woods’ arrest. “He’s been great for the game of golf. He needs our help. I wish him well.”</p><media-group group="media"></media-group></div></div>